affection warmed and opened my senses; I became the same happy creature
against the boat's swell, and the voyage was begun. Tom felt happy in
agitates you; but your father and cousin would be very happy if they
"Ah!  Mother, Mother, let me be happy!"
alliance, and I want you both to be happy."
although the sun shone upon me, as upon the happy and gay of heart, I
amazed sometimes at my own sincerity.  Ah, Dorian, how happy you are!
Amy's happy prattle became intolerable. Tom hinted at things he had
"And does his philosophy make you happy?"
and make them happy all over, like a dog fight--unless it might be
And she now felt quite happy and lighthearted; she put on the shoes and
And then her wicked heart was glad, and as happy as such a heart could
and then I am sure I shall sleep soundly without rocking. How happy my
and then I shall be happy again, even after the sad death of my little
as I felt pride.  Justine, poor unhappy Justine, was as innocent as I,
as obvious as it did to his unhappy father, but still I had such
autumn so unhappy, flying to solitude from the society of every
began to bud forth on the trees.  Happy, happy earth!  Fit habitation
be happy, but they will be harmless and free from the misery I now
"Be happy, my dear Victor," replied Elizabeth; "there is, I hope,
bitterness, "are you always to be unhappy?  My dear friend, what has
broken accents:  "Unhappy man!  Do you share my madness?  Have you
broken, so a happy thought seized me, and I concealed a piece of
"But they are so unhappy in Whitechapel," continued Lady Agatha.
But you have a husband and lovely children; you may be happy.  Heaven
Cecily.  I feel very happy.  [They all go off except Jack and Algernon.]
Cecily.  What is the matter, Uncle Jack?  Do look happy!  You look as if
consolation.  Elizabeth also wept and was unhappy, but hers also was
consoles your unhappy friend.
contented and happy; their feelings were serene and peaceful, while
crowd that the wound bled a little! The boys thought that this happy
daughter's head.  "Happy!" she echoed, "I am only happy, Sibyl, when I
day. Supposing that this unhappy young man's story were
'dearest,' 'unhappy.'
die, bury me under the juniper-tree.' Then she felt comforted and happy
dingy sitting-room contained.  "I am so happy!" she repeated, "and you
Elizabeth seemed happy; my tranquil demeanour contributed greatly to
ever happened to him, because he was a changed man now, and happy for
exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it.
feel.  Oh!  My creator, make me happy; let me feel gratitude towards
feel thus, we shall assuredly be happy, however present events may cast
Felix were not for me. Miserable, unhappy wretch!
forgetting my solitude and deformity, dared to be happy.  Soft tears
frank-hearted and happy.  My aunt conceived a great attachment for her,
"Get well--and return to us.  You will find a happy, cheerful home and
had seen and heard. They were both very unhappy, but agreed to make the
hand-kerchiefs, and Tom was entirely happy. The dog looked foolish,
happiness forever.  Are you to be happy while I grovel in the intensity
happy, and love it dearly.' Now--odd as you may think it--it came to
happy as if she was on salary. And pretty soon you'd hear a loafer
happy.  Of course, it is sudden--all really delightful things are.  And
happy to-day as you were twenty years ago.  Ah! let me be happy for
happy until you had been on the scene of the crime."
happy we used to be together!  Don't leave me, Basil, and don't quarrel
have been happy to have possessed as the brother of my heart.
heaven, where we shall all be happy; and that consoles me, going as I
Henry.  "A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love
he. "Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without
"Here, then, I retreated and lay down happy to have found a shelter,
her happy.  If the monster executed his threat, death was inevitable;
her wheel; 'how happy should I be if I had but one child! If it were
her words pierce my heart.  We are all unhappy; but will not that be an
he would come back quite rich and happy.
him.  He felt perfectly happy.
him picturesque in the days when he was free and happy. Tom routed him
his creature were, and that I ought to render him happy before I
His face lighted with a happy solution of his thought; he put the bark
'How happy am I!' cried he; 'nobody was ever so lucky as I.' Then up he
"I am happy," said M. Waldman, "to have gained a disciple; and if your
"I am happy to remark, my dear son, that you have resumed your former
"I am," said she, "the cousin of the unhappy child who was murdered, or
'I do feel so happy,' said the father, 'and how beautifully the sun
'I feel very unhappy about it,' said the husband, 'in case it should not
"I hope you will always be very happy, Dorian," said Hallward, "but I
"I know," continued the unhappy victim, "how heavily and fatally this
impatient and excited and handsome, but looking kind of happy and
indeed happy."
in serving you--he bids you weep, to shed countless tears; happy beyond
"'I should be happy to advance it without further parley from my
"'I should be happy to make myself useful.'
I was happy and beloved, was dear to me, now, in my adversity, became
Jack.  Darling!  You don't know how happy you've made me.
joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and
just went a goo-gooing around, happy and satisfied, like a jug that's
know _how_ she was ever going to be happy there, knowing the mother and
Little Marleen now felt as lighthearted and happy as if her brother were
looked at him in unhappy silence.  His mother lay in her chair with
made miserable by this supposition.  Be happy, my friend; and if you
me a fiend.  Make me happy, and I shall again be virtuous."
me as its creator and source; many happy and excellent natures would
mind, ever again be happy under your roof, and I feel that I must
morning between nine and ten I shall be happy to do what I can to
morning mists.  Felix seemed peculiarly happy and with smiles of
"Mother, Mother, I am so happy!" whispered the girl, burying her face
much as they were. Misgivings came; they grew troubled and unhappy; a
much the young king loved his wife, and however happy he was, he still
must be happy, too!"
none but happy, kind faces around me.  Since you left us, but one
off, master grinder! you seem so happy at your work.' 'Yes,' said the
peasants were dancing, and every one we met appeared gay and happy.  My
perfect creature, happy and prosperous, guarded by the especial care of
pg-being_ernest.txt Algernon.  Yes; and that the happy English home has proved in half the
pg-dorian_gray.txt "Every day.  I couldn't be happy if I didn't see him every day.  He is
pg-frankenstein.txt only happy one which I have enjoyed for several years.  The forms of
pg-grimm.txt fine thing it is to ride on horseback! There he sits as easy and happy
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt first light and tell."  I felt easy and happy and light as a feather
pg-metamorphosis.txt swing to it; and up there, relaxed and almost happy, it might happen
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt "She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time
pg-tom_sawyer.txt And while she closed with a happy Scriptural flourish, he "hooked" a
poor things was that glad and happy it made my heart ache to see them
"Pray take a seat, Miss Hunter. I shall be happy to do anything
Presently she stepped into the kitchen, and Sid, happy in his immunity,
properly for me, I will make you very happy. You must be very careful,
prosperous and happy. Some day it may seem worth while to take up the
recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into
Safie was always gay and happy; she and I improved rapidly in the
sat down flushed and happy.
say that a woman should be happy in her own family circle. But
seemed to be a happy couple. And yet she had some secret sorrow,
sensation. Tom and Joe Harper got up a band of performers and were happy
setting sun, and more happy when he beheld it rise and recommence a new
should be wretched.  Yet why were these gentle beings unhappy?  They
small coin, I followed her at once by a luggage train.  Her unhappy
smiling.  "I am perfectly happy now.  I know what conscience is, to
  So happy I roam,
succumb; he hoped she would be happy, and never regret having driven her
suffer!  Live, and be happy, and make others so."
swept away his low spirits and made him lighthearted and happy again. He
tailor into the bargain: he behind, was quite merry and happy, and
test, her sign of approval.  When we are happy, we are always good, but
that happy creature who in earlier youth wandered with me on the banks
that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer
"That will do, Mr. Wilson. I shall be happy to give you an
the bottom.  What a divine day!  How happy and serene all nature
the cottagers greatly endeared them to me; when they were unhappy, I
the countenances of the judges had already condemned my unhappy victim,
"The gas was half up, as I had left it, and my unhappy boy,
their father's neck. The man had not known one happy hour since he had
the power of rendering you happy?  Ah!  While we love, while we are
the present moment I am eating muffins because I am unhappy.  Besides, I
the work of my thrice-accursed hands!  Ye weep, unhappy ones, but these
They assembled in camp toward suppertime, hungry and happy; but now
They were as good and happy, as busy and cheerful as ever two children
"They were not entirely happy.  The young man and his companion often
this unhappy family?"
thought her dead long since. But she told them how happy she was, and
Thus the unhappy traveller was again forsaken and forlorn; but she
to grow unhappy. She could not at first tell why she felt sad, but she
to render her life happy; now all was to be obliterated in an
to you.  I was oppressed by fatigue and hunger and far too unhappy to
unchecked by the memory of my unhappy promise, rose proportionably.  My
unhappy and still avoid our society.  For some time I was lost in
unhappy prisoner at the bar. We rest our case here."
us while other people seem so happy and merry with their children!'
"Very well, and very happy, only a little uneasy that they hear from
wanted to have you all to myself.  I was only happy when I was with
was quite happy and thought: 'You certainly are a pretty girl!' And when
watching for the sledge that preceded his own.  Yet, although unhappy,
Watson. I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote
were in happy accord with his surroundings. He sat long with his elbows
What does it matter?  I am quite happy here."
"What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!" exclaimed Lord
When happy, inanimate nature had the power of bestowing on me the most
when he was sitting beside her and very happy, news came that his father
when we are good, we are not always happy."
will live cheerful and happy in this beautiful castle for the rest of
would be to me. 'Not at all,' said I, 'I shall be very happy to
would return.  They would be happy together.  His life with her would
you; and, happy and beloved as I have been, is it not hard to quit you
you any longer, for although I am so happy here, I must return to my own
you are so happy I feel very uneasy; I am sure some mischance will
your surprise, my son, when you expected a happy and glad welcome, to
"You were far too happy.  When a woman marries again, it is because she
